feat(@nguniversal/common): add experimental SSR project Clover (#2066)
angular/universal: modules/common/clover/README.md

# Angular SSR project Clover

> - What if Angular SSR didn't require the complex `@nguniversal` and `@angular/platform-server` packages on boarding?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- What if Angular SSR didn't require the complex `@nguniversal` and `@angular/platform-server` packages for onboarding?
```

- What if you don't need multiple builds for an SSR/prerender application?
- What if an application shell can be generated without an extra build?

## Supported features

- [x] Inline critical CSS
- [x] State transfer
- [x] Re-use component styles generated on the server
- [x] i18n
- [x] Hybrid rendering
- [x] Server side rendering

# Planned features
- [ ] App-shell
- [ ] Pre-rendering
- [ ] Schematics

## Try it out

### Install the dependencies
```
npm install @nguniversal/common express --save
```

### Include the module in the application

#### app/app.module.ts

```diff
  import { NgModule } from '@angular/core';
  import { BrowserModule } from '@angular/platform-browser';

  import { AppRoutingModule } from './app-routing.module';
  import { AppComponent } from './app.component';
  import { BrowserAnimationsModule } from '@angular/platform-browser/animations';
+ import { RendererModule, TransferHttpCacheModule } from '@nguniversal/common/clover';

  @NgModule({
    declarations: [
      AppComponent
    ],
    imports: [
-     BrowserModule,
+     BrowserModule.withServerTransition({
+      appId: 'myapp',
+     }),

> +     DomRenderingModule.forRoot(),

Author: Yes
